---
layout: post
title: Danielle wins award for leadership in self-advocacy
branch: Twist
tag: Living with disabilities
buttonStyle: fg-blog-note
backgroundStyle: bg-blog-note
image: danielle-award.jpg
alt: Danielle is holding an award, in front of a white wall.
---
Recently I got a award for leardership in self-advocacy. It was a honour to get this award and be a part of an amazing award celebration.

<!-- excerpt-end -->
## How I found out about the award
I was working at her role in Brighton and Hove Speak Out where she was told that they were putting her up for the Dimensions Leaders list award. When I got told that I was up for this award from Dimensions I was excited and nervous that I wouldn’t get chosen as there are many different people with a learning disability that could get the award. 

## What is Dimentions? 
Dimensions is one of the UK’s largest not-for-profit organisations supporting people with learning disabilities, autism, behaviours of distress and those with complex health needs. 

>“I’m getting the confidence to speak up, I feel proud of myself. I would not have done this before. I can’t believe I would be training people at an international conference on inclusive research, and I never thought I would be involved in writing an article or a book that will be published.”

## The award celebration
On the day of the award, it was on zoom, so I did it in the comfort of my own home. The celebration was hosted by BBC Radio 2’s Ken Bruce who has experience with learning disabilities and autism as his son is autistic. During the awards I didn’t have a clue where I would be and I got told way in advance that I had won and being in a room with all different people who had won the award felt amazing. Seeing other people who have done amazing work made me feel proud to be a part. The atmosphere felt amazing to be a part of and having people say in the chat well done Danielle was great to see how many people there being so supportive to me. 