---
layout: recipes
title: Friable apple pie
menu: desserts
video: https://youtu.be/eazZvfyhYK0
music: https://open.spotify.com/user/tesslaree/playlist/0SROPJuM0gG4mwGCBNOOKL?
additional:
  - name: Scrumptious apple pie
    link: https://www.bettycrocker.com/recipes/scrumptious-apple-pie/c9a4acc6-85aa-4128-b0b0-1a17bdbe05e0
  - name: Bulgarian apple and semolina cake
    link: https://4-cooc.com/baking-recipes/apple-pies/bulgarian-cake-with-apples-and-semolina/
time: Takes as long as it takes.
serves: Make sure to share, and buy for your pals.
---

A family classic. I've always loved the smell of cinnamon while the apple was braising. Less so in the stew we cooked afterwards in the same pan.
<!-- excerpt-end -->

## Ingredients

Here is what you need to have at home.

<table>
  {% for row  in site.data.cookbook.desserts.apple-pie %}
{% include global/tabulator.html %}
  {% endfor %}
</table>

Serves: {{ page.serves }}

## Preparation

Here are the steps to cook the meal. {{ page.time }} Share and enjoy!

1. Play music in the kitchen. [I recommend this playlist.]({{ page.music }})
2. Pore a glass of drink for the chef.
3. Peal the washed apples, cut them in quorters, and remove the seeds. Grate the apples on the coarse shred side. After grating all the apples, squeeze handfuls with your hands to get rid of access juice. Keep the juice and drink it while fresh. It's tasty.
4. Take a frying pan and add the grated and juiced apples. No greasing is needed. Add sugar and cinnamon to your taste. Stir occasionnaly. It's ready when the apple is soft. Let it cool down before adding it to the pie.
5. Grate the butter into the mix of flour, sugar, baking powder, and crumble the mixture between your fingers.
6. Add the egg yolk and the sour cream, and work the mixture with your hand into a ball quickly, so it does not melt.
7. Separate the ball into two smaller ones.
8. With a rolling pin, stretch one of the balls out into the size of the baking tray.
9. Lay this down at the bottom of the tray, and adjust the sides with your hands to make sure all sides are snug.
10. Scoop the fried apples within the tray and spread it out evenly.
11. Using the second ball of dough, make the covering layer on top of the pie. You can coarse shred the dough, form strips and make a grid of it, or simply stretch it into a sheet as for the bottom layer. Cover the pie. If you choose the full sheet, punch holes in it with a fork (not all the way to the bottom), and smear sour cream on top.
12. In a preheated oven, bake at 180 degrees for approximately 30 minutes.