---
layout: recipes
title: Zagorski soup
menu: soups to scoop
video: https://youtu.be/F8z8maisIJY
music: https://open.spotify.com/user/spotify/playlist/37i9dQZF1DZ06evO2ERcUQ?si=U5hts_yWQUqOG8iCtBM1jA
additional:
  - name: Zagorje style soup
    link: https://www.croatiaweek.com/croatian-recipes-zagorje-style-soup-zagorska-juha/
  - name: Zagorska juha
    link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Zagorska_Juha_od_Krumpira
time: Takes as long as it takes.
serves: Make sure to share, and buy for your pals.
---

Zagorski is a Hungarian spin on Zagorska,  which refers to the region of Zagorje in Croatia, where the capital city Zagreb is also found. This classic soup is a bit savoury but serves as a great starter before cevapi. Having steaming hot, cheesy scones on the side is a must.
<!-- excerpt-end -->

## Ingredients

Here is what you need to have at home.

<table>
  {% for row  in site.data.cookbook.soups.zagorski %}
{% include global/tabulator.html %}
  {% endfor %}
</table>

Serves: {{ page.serves }}

## Preparation

Here are the steps to cook the meal. {{ page.time }} Share and enjoy!

1. Play music in the kitchen. [I recommend this playlist.]({{ page.music }})
2. Pore a glass of drink for the chef.
3. Chop the carrots, potato wedges, smoked sausage, and white mushrooms into thin slices. Finely dice the onion, and garlic, and soak the dry porcini mushrooms in water. Chop the lardon and gammon into bite size pieces.
4. In a large soup pot, start frying the onion and garlic on a bit of lard or oil. Add the sausages, the lardon, parsley, mushrooms and the carrots. Stir for a few minutes.
5. Add 1-2 squeezes of tomato puree, and the white wine. Boil the alcohol away while stirring.
6. Add in the gammon pieces, and add water to level up the content. When the carrots are half soft, add the potatoes and add the remaining water (depending how much soup you want). Season with a bit of pepper, and salt if necessary. Wait until all goes soft.
7. Prepare a thickening agent, by adding flour to sour cream and mix in to avoid knots. Add hot soup to equate temperatures, mix, then pour in the soup.
8. Let the soup boil for another 10 minutes after the thickening agent was added, then you are ready.
9. Best with freshly baked cheesy scones.