_site/admin/initial-site-structure.md, before:

# Structure of site

## Navigation - level 1 fixed

Home | web log | Dancyclopedia

### Home page

Just a welcome text with 12 units width, and a row of 2x6 units width for the web log and Dancyclopedia home pages. Use the cover Bootstrap template.

### Web log page

Like the home page, but the row splits into two columns of TWIST and project log.

### Dancyclopedia page

Like the home page, but grid structure for topics.

---
## Web log pages 

Use the blog template. First level navigation as usual, and secondary navigation for blog thread specific topics. 

On Twist:

* Adventures
* identities
* Reading

On Project log

* LaTeX to MathML
* MathML usability

## Dancyclopedia pages

On the grid of Dancyclopedia home page, and as secondary navigation :

* Mathematical and physical sciences
* Computer literacy
* Statistics
* Haptics
* Cookbook
* Vocal

### Mathematical and physical sciences

Mathematics, Mechanics, oscillation, quantum, etc.

### Computer literacy

git, r, markdown, python, bash,

### Statistics
### Haptics
### Cookbook

The cookbook structure

### Vocal

Use the blog template for person profiles, including bios and link to recordings.

Commit message:

Edited the welcome letter on the about page, and rebranded Dancyclopedia to Guide.

_site/admin/initial-site-structure.md, after:

# Structure of site

## Navigation - level 1 fixed

Home | web log | {{ site.product }}

### Home page

Just a welcome text with 12 units width, and a row of 2x6 units width for the web log and {{ site.product }} home pages. Use the cover Bootstrap template.

### Web log page

Like the home page, but the row splits into two columns of TWIST and project log.

### {{ site.product }} page

Like the home page, but grid structure for topics.

---
## Web log pages 

Use the blog template. First level navigation as usual, and secondary navigation for blog thread specific topics. 

On Twist:

* Adventures
* identities
* Reading

On Project log

* LaTeX to MathML
* MathML usability

## {{ site.product }} pages

On the grid of {{ site.product }} home page, and as secondary navigation :

* Mathematical and physical sciences
* Computer literacy
* Statistics
* Haptics
* Cookbook
* Vocal

### Mathematical and physical sciences

Mathematics, Mechanics, oscillation, quantum, etc.

### Computer literacy

git, r, markdown, python, bash,

### Statistics
### Haptics
### Cookbook

The cookbook structure

### Vocal

Use the blog template for person profiles, including bios and link to recordings.
