src/support/index.md, before:

---
permalink: /support/services/index.html
layout: default
title: Support
tagline: Invest in a guide of your journey
author: Daniel Hajas
reviewer: Danielle Garratt
date: 2022-10-15
licence: copyright
announcement: Currently, there are no available sessions to book.
buttonStyle: fg-general-vol
backgroundStyle: bg-general-vol
---

## {{ page.title }}: {{ page.tagline }}

We support blind or learning disabled people directly.
For caretakers and professionals, who care for or work with our beneficiaries, we offer consultancy sessions.
Moreover, we support researchers and businesses through project collaboration and co-creation.

{% include global/cover-image.html image="support-cover.png" alt="A cartoon hand holding a wrench and reaching out from a laptop screen." %}

### Why get our support?

We know from experience, a written guide is not always enough.
Sometimes we just need a little more hands-on support.
That's why we come to you, listen to your needs and unique circumstances, and why we want to help.

{% include global/testimonials.html %}

### Who is going to provide the support?

You can book a support session with [Daniel and Danielle]({% link about/team/index.md %}) - the core team at {{ site.brand }}.
The information you provide in your booking will help us to find the best person in our team to talk to you.

### How to book a support session?

Click "book a support session" below, and use our booking page to arrange a time.
For further details on what's included, please read our [pricing page]({% link support/pricing.md %}) and our [terms of service.]({% link legal/terms-of-service.md %})

<button class="{{ page.buttonStyle }}" onclick="showBookingFrame()" id="button-show-booking">Book a support session</button>

<div id="booking-frame-hide"></div>

<div id="booking-frame-show" class="hidden-text">
<div class="iframe-container">
<iframe src="{{ '/support/booking-page.html' | prepend: site.baseurl }}" title="Booking page" id="booking" class="responsive-iframe"></iframe>
</div>
</div>

### What types of support are available?

Support sessions are personalised to your needs.
You can book single sessions, as and when you need us.
Through our Skill Studio, we can also help you select and schedule multiple type of sessions as a package.
Amongst others, we can provide support in the following ways:

1. mentoring: for those who just need a bit of general guidance and confidence building;
2. tutoring: for people, who want to get hands-on and learn new skills in topics we endorse in the [{{ site.brand }} {{ site.product }};]({% link guide/index.md %})
3. consultancy: for parents, teachers, carers, disability advisors or whoever wishes to consult us with a specific question in mind;
4. research: for specific questions, where we might need to do a bit of digging to come up with a solution, or build a demonstrator tool;
5. referrals: for those occasions we don't know the solution to your challenges.

{% include global/buttonLink.html url="/support/pricing.html" label="View details and the pricing of support sessions" %}

### Where will the session take place?

The location of support sessions will depend on the type of support required.
We are based in East Sussex, England.
However, our skills can reach far with the help of the internet.

To illustrate where it all happens, let's look at an example, with ten sessions in our signature skill studio, Studio27:

+ Session 1 (consultancy): an initial in-person session at your home, or remotely over a video call;
+ Sessions 2-4 (mentoring): three sessions remotely, over video calls or text messaging;
+ Sessions 5-6 (research): two sessions of remote research or demonstrator tool development, with the outputs e-mailed to you;
+ Sessions 7-9 (tutorials): three sessions in-person at your home, or remotely over video calls;
+ Session 10 (consultancy): to talk through the progress and advise on steps ahead.

Please note:

1. Some sessions, such as training to cook or capture a life story, is best done in-person;
2. In-person sessions are currently limited to East and West Sussex, and include a non-refundable travel fee.

### Have a question?

Our wish to help is true, and our ways of support is flexible.
However, we appreciate this flexibility and multitude of options may be confusing at first.
If you would like to clarify something, or ask questions we haven't thought of, please send us an e-mail on `support@project27skills.com`.
We look forward to hearing from you.

Commit message:

Moved cover images to hero banner on volunteering and support.

src/support/index.md, after:

---
permalink: /support/services/index.html
layout: default
title: Support
tagline: Invest in a guide of your journey
author: Daniel Hajas
reviewer: Danielle Garratt
date: 2022-10-15
licence: copyright
announcement: Currently, there are no available sessions to book.
buttonStyle: fg-general-vol
backgroundStyle: bg-general-vol
pitch: Book a one-time consultation with our experts to address your questions about blindness or learning disabilities. We offer tailored advice for parents and teachers, as well as tutoring and mentoring for disabled individuals. No membership required.
hero-image: /assets/images/covers/support-cover.png
hero-image-description: A cartoon hand holding a wrench and reaching out from a laptop screen.
---

## {{ page.title }}: {{ page.tagline }}

We support blind or learning disabled people directly.
For caretakers and professionals, who care for or work with our beneficiaries, we offer consultancy sessions.
Moreover, we support researchers and businesses through project collaboration and co-creation.

### Why get our support?

We know from experience, a written guide is not always enough.
Sometimes we just need a little more hands-on support.
That's why we come to you, listen to your needs and unique circumstances, and why we want to help.

{% include global/testimonials.html %}

### Who is going to provide the support?

You can book a support session with [Daniel and Danielle]({% link about/team/index.md %}) - the core team at {{ site.brand }}.
The information you provide in your booking will help us to find the best person in our team to talk to you.

### How to book a support session?

Click "book a support session" below, and use our booking page to arrange a time.
For further details on what's included, please read our [pricing page]({% link support/pricing.md %}) and our [terms of service.]({% link legal/terms-of-service.md %})

<button class="{{ page.buttonStyle }}" onclick="showBookingFrame()" id="button-show-booking">Book a support session</button>

<div id="booking-frame-hide"></div>

<div id="booking-frame-show" class="hidden-text">
<div class="iframe-container">
<iframe src="{{ '/support/booking-page.html' | prepend: site.baseurl }}" title="Booking page" id="booking" class="responsive-iframe"></iframe>
</div>
</div>

### What types of support are available?

Support sessions are personalised to your needs.
You can book single sessions, as and when you need us.
Through our Skill Studio, we can also help you select and schedule multiple type of sessions as a package.
Amongst others, we can provide support in the following ways:

1. mentoring: for those who just need a bit of general guidance and confidence building;
2. tutoring: for people, who want to get hands-on and learn new skills in topics we endorse in the [{{ site.brand }} {{ site.product }};]({% link guide/index.md %})
3. consultancy: for parents, teachers, carers, disability advisors or whoever wishes to consult us with a specific question in mind;
4. research: for specific questions, where we might need to do a bit of digging to come up with a solution, or build a demonstrator tool;
5. referrals: for those occasions we don't know the solution to your challenges.

{% include global/buttonLink.html url="/support/pricing.html" label="View details and the pricing of support sessions" %}

### Where will the session take place?

The location of support sessions will depend on the type of support required.
We are based in East Sussex, England.
However, our skills can reach far with the help of the internet.

To illustrate where it all happens, let's look at an example, with ten sessions in our signature skill studio, Studio27:

+ Session 1 (consultancy): an initial in-person session at your home, or remotely over a video call;
+ Sessions 2-4 (mentoring): three sessions remotely, over video calls or text messaging;
+ Sessions 5-6 (research): two sessions of remote research or demonstrator tool development, with the outputs e-mailed to you;
+ Sessions 7-9 (tutorials): three sessions in-person at your home, or remotely over video calls;
+ Session 10 (consultancy): to talk through the progress and advise on steps ahead.

Please note:

1. Some sessions, such as training to cook or capture a life story, is best done in-person;
2. In-person sessions are currently limited to East and West Sussex, and include a non-refundable travel fee.

### Have a question?

Our wish to help is true, and our ways of support is flexible.
However, we appreciate this flexibility and multitude of options may be confusing at first.
If you would like to clarify something, or ask questions we haven't thought of, please send us an e-mail on `support@project27skills.com`.
We look forward to hearing from you.
