src/support/pricing.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Pricing and details of support
author: Daniel Hajas
date: 2023-02-04
updated: 2024-07-04
licence: copyright
buttonStyle: fg-general-vol
backgroundStyle: bg-general-vol
pitch: We offer a range of ad-hoc support sessions and regular supervision for members and non-members alike, to suit your individual needs. If you'd like to set up a regular support plan with a variety of support sessions, we will work with you to build and schedule a personalised skill studio.
---

We offer pay as you go options for getting support, memberships for periodic participation, and tiers of blended finance discount plans to suit everyone's schedule and budget.

{% capture tab1-content %}
## Ad-hoc support (no membership required)

The pricing of our pay-as-you-go support sessions varies based on whether they are for personal, professional, or business purposes, with the session format tailored to your preferences.

### Personal Support - 60 Minutes for £35.00

Personal support sessions are for individuals who directly benefit from our help. That is, blind or learning disabled individuals who are not already a member of our community.

1. **Coaching**: Empower your journey with our coaching services, designed for blind or learning disabled individuals seeking to set clear goals and explore options for barrier-free social participation. Our coaching sessions include:
   - An online introduction or catch-up (if previously met).
   - Listening to your individual needs, wants, challenges, or ideas.
   - Setting clear goals for personal and professional growth.
   - Taking a role model approach while considering options and pathways for growth.
   - Recommending products, services, or communities to explore.
   - Optionally, introducing you to experts in our community for additional support.
2. **Mentoring**: Enhance your skills with our hands-on mentoring sessions, perfect for blind or learning disabled individuals eager to learn new skills in areas we endorse in the {{ site.org }} {{ site.product }}. Mentorship includes:
   - Scoping and defining the skill you wish to learn.
   - Sharing our lived experiences of developing new skills and the accessibility of tools.
   - Selecting personalised tasks and creating materials for your development journey.
   - A one-to-one live tutorial during a virtual or in-person meeting.
   - Verbal feedback during the session.
   - A written summary of the feedback and recommendations for further practice.
   - Optionally, introducing you to experts in our community for additional support.
3. **Supervision (Members Only)**: Exclusive for {{ site.org }} community members who want to learn new skills but need extra supervision. Our research support includes:
   - Identifying and breaking down tasks you are stuck on.
   - Selecting 'how-to' tutorials and resources.
   - A one-to-one live troubleshooting session during a virtual or in-person meeting.
   - Verbal guidance and feedback during the session.
   - A written summary of the feedback and a set of recommended tasks to try.
   - Optionally, introducing you to experts in our community for additional support.

### Professional support - 60 minutes for £50.00

Professional support sessions are designed to help people who want to support blind or learning disabled members in their local community, such as volunteers, teachers, or parents.

1. Coaching: Unlock the potential of your support efforts with our coaching services. Designed for professionals, such as teachers, disability advisors, carers, or family members, our coaching helps you set clear goals and explore effective strategies for supporting blind or learning disabled individuals with their personal and professional growth. Our comprehensive sessions include:
 - Defining and scoping your specific challenges.
 - Engaging in open-ended discussions during virtual meetings.
 - Providing written summaries of insights, follow-up actions, and recommendations.
 - Optionally, connecting you with experts in our community for further support.
2. Mentoring: Our mentorship offer goes beyond coaching by providing hands-on, ongoing support tailored to your unique needs. Mentorship includes:
 - **Personalised Guidance**: Receive continuous, one-on-one support from experienced mentors to help you navigate complex challenges, when it comes to supporting blind or learning disabled individuals to develop new skills.
 - **Co-Design Sessions**: Engage in collaborative sessions to develop practical, customised accessibility solutions for the individuals you support.
 - **Actionable Feedback**: Get regular, constructive feedback on your strategies and progress, ensuring you stay on the right track.
 - **Long-Term Partnership**: Benefit from a lasting relationship with your mentor, offering ongoing advice, support, and expertise as your needs evolve.
3. Research: Empower your decision-making with our targeted research support. We address specific accessibility questions from professionals, such as teachers, disability advisors, carers, or family members, through thorough investigation and solution development. Our research offerings include:
 - Conducting independent research by a member of the {{ site.brand }} team.
 - Delivering a concise, 1-2 page summary of findings via email.
 - Creating demonstrator tools when applicable.
 - Sharing access to demonstrator tools if developed.
 - Optionally, connecting you with experts in our community for additional insights.

### Business support - 60 minutes for £75.00

Business support is dedicated to small and medium enterprises, who want to be more disability inclusive.

1. Coaching: Unlock the full potential of your workforce with our specialised coaching. Empower your business to set clear goals and explore innovative strategies to maximise the performance of disabled employees. Through insightful and open-ended questions on disability inclusion, we coach you to create a more inclusive and high-performing workplace.
 - **Customised Goal Setting**: Work with our experts to define clear, actionable goals tailored to your organisation's needs and aspirations regarding disability inclusion.
 - **Performance Optimisation Strategies**: Discover and implement proven strategies to enhance the productivity and engagement of your disabled employees.
 - **Inclusive Policy Development**: Ask relevant questions about creating and refining workplace policies that foster an inclusive and supportive environment for all employees.
 - **Employee Engagement Workshops**: Participate in interactive workshops designed to educate and engage your entire workforce on the importance and benefits of disability inclusion.
2. Mentoring: Elevate your business with our mentor sessions for businesses, designed for those who recognise the value of co-designing accessibility solutions. Our practical guidance will help you navigate where to start and determine the best direction to take. Unlike coaching, which focuses on goal-setting and performance optimisation, our mentorship offers hands-on, collaborative support to create tailor-made accessibility initiatives. We'll work with you to transform your vision of an inclusive workplace into a reality.
 - **Tailored Accessibility Roadmap**: Collaborate with mentors who have lived experience of disability to develop a step-by-step plan for implementing accessibility solutions unique to your organisation.
 - **Co-Design Workshops**: Participate in interactive sessions that involve your team in the co-creation of practical, effective accessibility strategies.
 - **Expert Guidance and Feedback**: Receive continuous, personalised advice from industry experts to ensure your accessibility initiatives are on the right track.
 - **Ongoing Mentorship and Support**: Benefit from regular check-ins and support from your mentor to address challenges, celebrate successes, and refine your approach as needed.
3. Research: Unlock the power of knowledge with our research support, designed to complement our coaching and mentoring offers. Gain valuable insights and solutions tailored to your specific accessibility questions. Let us do the deep digging to provide you with evidence-based answers and innovative tools to enhance your workplace's inclusivity.
 - **Customised Accessibility Reports**: Receive detailed, research-based reports that address your specific accessibility questions and challenges.
 - **Innovative Demonstrator Tools**: Benefit from the creation of demonstrator tools designed to showcase practical solutions and best practices for your organisation.

{% include global/buttonLink.html url="/solutions/index.md" label="Learn more about Project27 Solutions - our comprehensive research and innovation services" %}

## Trainee certifications (membership required)

Pay as you go membership options are a great choice for those who want to take their time.
You can take a break between working towards different levels of trainee certification in the same team.
You can also aim for the same certification in a different team, without the need to level up.
Prices per certification are:

* Registered member: £0 per on-boarding for 1 month,
* Apprentice: £200 per month for 1 month,
* Intern: £180 per month for 1 month,
* Specialist: £150 per month for 3 months (£450 upfront),
* Fellow: £100 per month for 12 months (£1200 upfront).

For more details on the pay as you go pricing, view our [certification table.]({% link volunteering/certification.md %})
{% endcapture %}

{% capture tab2-content %}
## Membership plans

Similar to our pay-as-you-go support sessions, membership pricing varies slightly between personal, professional, and business members.

### Personal membership

A personal membership is exclusive to the individual who subscribed.
Our subscription model is a great choice for those who know exactly what skills they want to develop.
Annual subscriptions help you save, if you plan to become a certified fellow within 18 months of joining our community, whereas monthly payments help with breaking up the costs of personal growth.

* paid monthly: £179.99 a month,
* paid yearly: £1799.90 a year (£149.99 per month),

### Professional membership

Perfect for social enterprises and charitable organisations, who want to complement their mentorship or skills development programmes with our community services for a few of their own members.
Ownership of annual subscriptions purchased by businesses on behalf of their service users can be transferred from one service user to another on request.

* paid yearly: £1999.99 a year per subscription,
* multiple members discount: £100.00 off (for each additional member added),
* flat fee: £999.99 a year (for the 11th member onwards).

### Business membership

There are multiple subscription types for businesses, tailored to what your organisation wants to get out of the engagement with us.

#### Community membership for businesses

For organisations interested in reverse mentoring on disability awareness,  the community membership is a great way to get involved.
Mentorship on working and communicating with disabled team members is provided by our blind or learning disabled community members to your employees, who volunteer to mentor our community members in their field of expertise.

* paid yearly: £999.99 a year per subscription,
* multiple members discount: £100.00 off (for each additional industry professional referred to our volunteer programme),
* credits: 12 supervision sessions per volunteer a year.

#### Support membership for businesses

A support membership helps with reducing the cost of business support for organisations committed to recurring coaching or mentoring sessions, or longer research assignments.

* paid yearly: £2999.99 a year (save £750),
* credits: up to 50 coaching or mentoring sessions, or 6 days of research support a year.

For inquiries about additional business support, please [check out our innovation services on Project27 Solutions.]({% link solutions/innovation-services/index.md %})
{% endcapture %}

{% capture tab3-content %}
## Discount plans

We are a social enterprise, combining for-profit practices with nonprofit missions to create positive outcomes in a sustainable way.
We strive to reduce the cost of our services to end-users, through our blended finance approach.

### Where does the money go?

The funds raised through {{ site.org }} Support sessions and memberships are reinvested into maintaining and improving other {{ site.brand }} products and services, such as the [{{ site.org }} {{ site.product }}]({% link guide/index.md %}) and [{{ site.org }} Community.]({% link volunteering/index.md %})
We appreciate that the prices of our services may be difficult to afford by everyone.
That's why we are actively working with our partners and funders to buy some of these services on behalf of disabled members of our community.

### Tiers of our blended finance discounts

Our end-users always make the decision to invest their money in our services, even if it is only 1% of the full price of the membership.
Applications to discount plans are announced intermittently, subject to sponsorship agreements and availability of {{ site.org }} funding.

{% assign dataFile = site.data.discounts %}
{% include global/tabulator2.html %}

#### Example: Discounted price of a personal membership, paid yearly

The full price of an annual personal membership is £1799.90.
The following examples illustrate how specific discount plans distribute the cost of membership across the end-user, a sponsor organisation, and {{ site.org }}.

- Emerald: The end-user pays £17.99 (1%), and the sponsor organisation pays £1781.91 (99%) per year,
- Gold: The end-user pays £611.97 (34%), while {{ site.org }} and the sponsor organisation each pay £593.97 (33%) per year,
- Palladium: The end-user pays £1205.93 (67%), and {{ site.org }} pays £593.97 (33%)
{% endcapture %}

{% include global/tabs.html tab1="Pay as you go" tab2="Membership plans" tab3="Discount plans" tabpanel1=tab1-content tabpanel2=tab2-content tabpanel3=tab3-content %}
{% include global/script-for-tabs.html selectedTabID="blog" %}

Can't decide what's best for you? Check out our [Skill Studio]({% link support/studio.md %}) for our recommendations on how to combine support sessions to achieve maximum impact.

Commit message:

Updated pricing with community membership, fixed a bug, and added project spotlight.

src/support/pricing.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Pricing and details of support
author: Daniel Hajas
date: 2023-02-04
updated: 2024-07-04
licence: copyright
buttonStyle: fg-general-vol
backgroundStyle: bg-general-vol
pitch: We offer a range of ad-hoc support sessions and regular supervision for members and non-members alike, to suit your individual needs. If you'd like to set up a regular support plan with a variety of support sessions, we will work with you to build and schedule a personalised skill studio.
---

We offer pay as you go options for getting support, membership plans for periodic participation, and tiers of blended finance discounts to suit everyone's schedule and budget.

{% capture tab1-content %}
## Ad-hoc support (no membership required)

The pricing of our pay-as-you-go support sessions varies based on whether they are for personal, professional, or business purposes, with the session format tailored to your preferences.

### Personal Support - 60 Minutes for £35.00

Personal support sessions are for individuals who directly benefit from our help. That is, blind or learning disabled individuals who are not already a member of our community.

1. **Coaching**: Empower your journey with our coaching services, designed for blind or learning disabled individuals seeking to set clear goals and explore options for barrier-free social participation. Our coaching sessions include:
   - An online introduction or catch-up (if previously met).
   - Listening to your individual needs, wants, challenges, or ideas.
   - Setting clear goals for personal and professional growth.
   - Taking a role model approach while considering options and pathways for growth.
   - Recommending products, services, or communities to explore.
   - Optionally, introducing you to experts in our community for additional support.
2. **Mentoring**: Enhance your skills with our hands-on mentoring sessions, perfect for blind or learning disabled individuals eager to learn new skills in areas we endorse in the {{ site.org }} {{ site.product }}. Mentorship includes:
   - Scoping and defining the skill you wish to learn.
   - Sharing our lived experiences of developing new skills and the accessibility of tools.
   - Selecting personalised tasks and creating materials for your development journey.
   - A one-to-one live tutorial during a virtual or in-person meeting.
   - Verbal feedback during the session.
   - A written summary of the feedback and recommendations for further practice.
   - Optionally, introducing you to experts in our community for additional support.
3. **Supervision (Members Only)**: Exclusive for {{ site.org }} community members who want to learn new skills but need extra supervision. Our research support includes:
   - Identifying and breaking down tasks you are stuck on.
   - Selecting 'how-to' tutorials and resources.
   - A one-to-one live troubleshooting session during a virtual or in-person meeting.
   - Verbal guidance and feedback during the session.
   - A written summary of the feedback and a set of recommended tasks to try.
   - Optionally, introducing you to experts in our community for additional support.

### Professional support - 60 minutes for £50.00

Professional support sessions are designed to help people who want to support blind or learning disabled members in their local community, such as volunteers, teachers, or parents.

1. Coaching: Unlock the potential of your support efforts with our coaching services. Designed for professionals, such as teachers, disability advisors, carers, or family members, our coaching helps you set clear goals and explore effective strategies for supporting blind or learning disabled individuals with their personal and professional growth. Our comprehensive sessions include:
 - Defining and scoping your specific challenges.
 - Engaging in open-ended discussions during virtual meetings.
 - Providing written summaries of insights, follow-up actions, and recommendations.
 - Optionally, connecting you with experts in our community for further support.
2. Mentoring: Our mentorship offer goes beyond coaching by providing hands-on, ongoing support tailored to your unique needs. Mentorship includes:
 - **Personalised Guidance**: Receive continuous, one-on-one support from experienced mentors to help you navigate complex challenges, when it comes to supporting blind or learning disabled individuals to develop new skills.
 - **Co-Design Sessions**: Engage in collaborative sessions to develop practical, customised accessibility solutions for the individuals you support.
 - **Actionable Feedback**: Get regular, constructive feedback on your strategies and progress, ensuring you stay on the right track.
 - **Long-Term Partnership**: Benefit from a lasting relationship with your mentor, offering ongoing advice, support, and expertise as your needs evolve.
3. Research: Empower your decision-making with our targeted research support. We address specific accessibility questions from professionals, such as teachers, disability advisors, carers, or family members, through thorough investigation and solution development. Our research offerings include:
 - Conducting independent research by a member of the {{ site.brand }} team.
 - Delivering a concise, 1-2 page summary of findings via email.
 - Creating demonstrator tools when applicable.
 - Sharing access to demonstrator tools if developed.
 - Optionally, connecting you with experts in our community for additional insights.

### Business support - 60 minutes for £75.00

Business support is dedicated to small and medium enterprises, who want to be more disability inclusive, or enable their clients to become more accessible.

1. Coaching: Unlock the full potential of your workforce with our specialised coaching. Empower your business to set clear goals and explore innovative strategies to maximise the performance of disabled employees. Through insightful and open-ended questions on disability inclusion, we coach you to create a more inclusive and high-performing workplace.
 - **Customised Goal Setting**: Work with our experts to define clear, actionable goals tailored to your organisation's needs and aspirations regarding disability inclusion.
 - **Performance Optimisation Strategies**: Discover and implement proven strategies to enhance the productivity and engagement of your disabled employees.
 - **Inclusive Policy Development**: Ask relevant questions about creating and refining workplace policies that foster an inclusive and supportive environment for all employees.
 - **Employee Engagement Workshops**: Participate in interactive workshops designed to educate and engage your entire workforce on the importance and benefits of disability inclusion.
2. Mentoring: Elevate your business with our mentor sessions for businesses, designed for those who recognise the value of co-designing accessibility solutions. Our practical guidance will help you navigate where to start and determine the best direction to take. Unlike coaching, which focuses on goal-setting and performance optimisation, our mentorship offers hands-on, collaborative support to create tailor-made accessibility initiatives. We'll work with you to transform your vision of an inclusive workplace into a reality.
 - **Tailored Accessibility Roadmap**: Collaborate with mentors who have lived experience of disability to develop a step-by-step plan for implementing accessibility solutions unique to your organisation.
 - **Co-Design Workshops**: Participate in interactive sessions that involve your team in the co-creation of practical, effective accessibility strategies.
 - **Expert Guidance and Feedback**: Receive continuous, personalised advice from industry experts to ensure your accessibility initiatives are on the right track.
 - **Ongoing Mentorship and Support**: Benefit from regular check-ins and support from your mentor to address challenges, celebrate successes, and refine your approach as needed.
3. Research: Unlock the power of knowledge with our research support, designed to complement our coaching and mentoring offers. Gain valuable insights and solutions tailored to your specific accessibility questions. Let us do the deep digging to provide you with evidence-based answers and innovative tools to enhance your products' accessibility and workplace's inclusivity.
 - **Customised Accessibility Reports**: Receive detailed, research-based reports that address your specific accessibility questions and challenges.
 - **Innovative Demonstrator Tools**: Benefit from the creation of demonstrator tools designed to showcase practical solutions and best practices for your organisation.

{% include global/buttonLink.html url="/solutions/index.md" label="Learn more about Project27 Solutions - our comprehensive research and innovation services" %}

## Trainee certifications (community membership required)

Pay as you go certifications are a great choice for those who want to take their time.
You can take a break between working towards different levels of trainee certification in the same team.
You can also aim for the same certification in a different team, without the need to level up.
Prices per certification are:

* Registered member: £0 per on-boarding for 1 month,
* Apprentice: £200 per month for 1 month,
* Intern: £180 per month for 1 month,
* Specialist: £150 per month for 3 months (£450 upfront),
* Fellow: £100 per month for 12 months (£1200 upfront).

For more details on the pay as you go pricing, view our [certification table.]({% link volunteering/certification.md %})
{% endcapture %}

{% capture tab2-content %}
## Membership plans

Similar to our pay-as-you-go support sessions, membership pricing varies slightly between personal, professional, and business members.

### Personal membership

A personal membership is exclusive to the individual who subscribed.
Individuals can opt for a community membership, or a trainee membership.

#### Community membership for individuals

Our community membership is the most affordable way to join our community, but it does not include any of the trainee benefits, such as onboarding, project-based learning, working in teams, or supervision from team leaders and industry professionals.

* paid yearly: £17.90 a year (£1.49 per month),
* join the conversation on our WhatsApp Community,
* contribute blog posts and 'how to' notes in the {{ site.org }} {{ site.product }},
* access members-only resources, events, and event recordings,
* unlock pay as you go trainee certifications.

#### Trainee membership for individuals

Our subscription model for trainees is a great choice for those who know exactly what skills they want to develop.
Annual subscriptions help you save, if you plan to become a certified fellow within 18 months of joining our community, whereas monthly payments help with breaking up the costs of personal growth.

* includes the price of community membership for individuals,
* paid monthly: £179.99 a month,
* paid yearly: £1799.90 a year (£149.99 per month),

### Professional membership

Perfect for social enterprises and charitable organisations, who want to complement their mentorship or skills development programmes with our community services for a few of their own members.
Ownership of annual subscriptions purchased by businesses on behalf of their service users can be transferred from one service user to another on request.

* includes the price of community membership for individuals,
* paid yearly: £1999.99 a year per subscription,
* multiple members discount: £100.00 off (for each additional member added),
* flat fee: £999.99 a year (for the 11th member onwards).

### Business membership

There are multiple subscription types for businesses, tailored to what your organisation wants to get out of the engagement with us.

#### Community membership for businesses

For organisations interested in reverse mentoring on disability awareness,  the community membership is a great way to get involved.
Mentorship on working and communicating with disabled team members is provided by our blind or learning disabled community members to your employees, who volunteer to mentor our community members in their field of expertise.

* paid yearly: £999.99 a year per subscription,
* multiple members discount: £100.00 off (for each additional industry professional referred to our volunteer programme),
* credits: 12 supervision sessions per volunteer a year.

#### Support membership for businesses

A support membership helps with reducing the cost of business support for organisations committed to recurring coaching or mentoring sessions, or longer research assignments.

* paid yearly: £2999.99 a year (save £750),
* credits: up to 50 coaching or mentoring sessions, or 6 days of research support a year.

For inquiries about additional business support, please [check out our innovation services on Project27 Solutions.]({% link solutions/innovation-services/index.md %})
{% endcapture %}

{% capture tab3-content %}
## Discount plans

We are a social enterprise, combining for-profit practices with nonprofit missions to create positive outcomes in a sustainable way.
We strive to reduce the cost of our services to end-users, through our blended finance approach.

### Where does the money go?

The funds raised through {{ site.org }} Support sessions and memberships are reinvested into maintaining and improving other {{ site.brand }} products and services, such as the [{{ site.org }} {{ site.product }}]({% link guide/index.md %}) and [{{ site.org }} Community.]({% link volunteering/index.md %})
We appreciate that the prices of our services may be difficult to afford by everyone.
That's why we are actively working with our partners and funders to buy some of these services on behalf of disabled members of our community.

### Tiers of our blended finance discounts

Our end-users always make the decision to invest their money in our services, even if it is only 1% of the full price of the membership.
Applications to discount plans are announced intermittently, subject to sponsorship agreements and availability of {{ site.org }} funding.

{% assign dataFile = site.data.discounts %}
{% include global/tabulator2.html %}

#### Example: Discounted price of a personal membership, paid yearly

The full price of an annual personal membership is £1799.90.
The following examples illustrate how specific discount plans distribute the cost of membership across the end-user, a sponsor organisation, and {{ site.org }}.

- Emerald: The end-user pays £17.99 (1%), and the sponsor organisation pays £1781.91 (99%) per year,
- Gold: The end-user pays £611.97 (34%), while {{ site.org }} and the sponsor organisation each pay £593.97 (33%) per year,
- Palladium: The end-user pays £1205.93 (67%), and {{ site.org }} pays £593.97 (33%)
{% endcapture %}

{% include global/tabs.html tab1="Pay as you go" tab2="Membership plans" tab3="Discount plans" tabpanel1=tab1-content tabpanel2=tab2-content tabpanel3=tab3-content %}
{% include global/script-for-tabs.html selectedTabID="blog" %}

Can't decide what's best for you? Check out our [Skill Studio]({% link support/studio.md %}) for our recommendations on how to combine support sessions to achieve maximum impact.
