src/volunteering/become-a-volunteer.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Join our community
author: Daniel Hajas
reviewer: Danielle Garratt
date: 2024-01-07
buttonStyle: fg-general-chap
backgroundStyle: bg-general-chap
---

## {{ page.title }}

Thanks for expressing interest in joining our community. There are multiple ways you can do so.

### Things to consider before reaching out to us

We believe that a great onboarding experience is a must.
We are dedicated to welcoming you personally, and tailoring your journey to your needs and preferences.
It all starts with a few simple questions.
Before reaching out to us, have a think about the following:

1. What's your name?
2. Would you like to join as a volunteer or as a member?
3. How much time are you likely to commit? For example, if you are joining as a member what [level of certification]({% link volunteering/certification.md %}) would you aim for?
4. What's your motivation in joining our community? In other words, what would you like to get out of volunteering; or what skills would you like to develop as a member?
5. What are your interests or areas of professional expertise? In other words, which {{ site.org }} team would you join first?
6. Why did you choose this way of getting in touch?
7. How can we get back to you? Please leave your email address or phone number.

### Ways to express your interest in joining the {{ site.org }} community

We would like to welcome everyone, who feel they can contribute to {{ site.brand }} in line with our values and culture.

Some ways you can get in touch with us are:

+ Fill out this [Google form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeq5EFjDtIjXKPDgu8l9YYBwfP7gnrop7uKOTRoIxtZZQTRwQ/viewform?usp=sf_link);
+ a 3 minute video or audio recording;
+ an electronic document, such as Microsoft Word or a text file attached and sent to our e-mail address;
+ responses directly sent in the body of an e-mail to our e-mail address;
+ a posted letter to our [PO box.]({% link contact/index.md %})

## What happens after you get in touch?

Whether you join our community as a volunteer, or as a member, we will set you up for success.
We follow a light-weight, three step onboarding process to ensure you have a great experience of joining the team.

Registration
: We ask you to express your interest in joining our community, via one of the many alternative ways mentioned above;;

Introduction
: We organise a 30 minute long virtual meeting with you to make introductions, understand your interests and motivations, and discuss the tasks you would like to help with.

Quick start
: During your first week, we ask you to complete our quick start workflow, which involves reading through our 'getting started' package.
: A 30 minute long virtual meeting, to get you familiar with our systems.
: A second 30 minute long virtual meeting, to set you up on your first task.

Supervision (members only)
: During the first month with us, we offer a [free supervision session]({% link support/pricing.md %}), to make sure you can give us feedback, ask questions, and to help you combat initial difficulties.
: Supervision is optional and flexible. You can choose to take the full hour, take two 30 minute long sessions, or not use it at all.

## Fancy a challenge to show your commitment?

There is an additional way to express your interest in joining our community.
You can download an application form in Markdown format, and return a completed copy.
We suggest that members interested in joining our "research and development" team take this path.
It is a small, self-contained challenge.

By sending us your completed application form, you show us:

* how committed you are to learning, and taking challenges;
* how well you can create a screen reader accessible and easy read document, for blind or learning disabled people;
* how engaging your first {{ site.brand }} written piece is.

please download the short application form and e-mail it to us as an attachment. Our e-mail address is support@project27skills.com.

<a class="{{ page.buttonStyle }}" href="{{ '/assets/documents/Project27--Application-form-for-volunteers.md' | prepend: site.baseurl}}" download="Project27 - Application form for volunteers">
Download application form
</a>

Commit message:

Updated join our community page.

src/volunteering/become-a-volunteer.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Join our community
author: Daniel Hajas
reviewer: Danielle Garratt
date: 2024-01-07
buttonStyle: fg-general-chap
backgroundStyle: bg-general-chap
pitch: Thank you for expressing interest in joining our community. There are multiple ways you can do just that. We'll show you how, or you can apply straight away and find out what's next during your onboarding experience.
callToActionLabel: Apply now
callToActionLink: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeq5EFjDtIjXKPDgu8l9YYBwfP7gnrop7uKOTRoIxtZZQTRwQ/viewform?usp=sf_link
---

### Things to consider before reaching out to us

We believe that a great onboarding experience is a must.
We are dedicated to welcoming you personally, and tailoring your journey to your needs and preferences.
It all starts with a few simple questions.
Before reaching out to us, have a think about the following, and let us know:

1. What's your name?
2. Would you like to join as a trainee or as a volunteer?
3. How much time are you likely to commit? For example, if you are joining as a trainee what [level of certification]({% link volunteering/certification.md %}) would you aim for?
4. What's your motivation in joining our community? In other words, what would you like to get out of volunteering; or what skills would you like to develop as a trainee?
5. What are your interests or areas of professional expertise? In other words, which {{ site.org }} team would you join first?
6. Why did you choose this way of applying?
7. How can we get back to you? Please leave your email address or phone number.

### Ways to express your interest in joining the {{ site.org }} community

We would like to welcome everyone, who feel that they will grow personally or professionally, while strengthening the {{ site.org }} community, in line with [our values and community culture.]({% link about/index.md %})

Ways you can get in touch with us are:

+ Fill out [our application form on Google Forms;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeq5EFjDtIjXKPDgu8l9YYBwfP7gnrop7uKOTRoIxtZZQTRwQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)
+ a 3 minute video or audio recording;
+ an electronic document, such as Microsoft Word or a text file attached and sent to our e-mail address at '`support@project27skils.com`';
+ responses directly sent in the body of an e-mail to our e-mail address;
+ a posted letter to our [PO box.]({% link contact/index.md %})

## What happens after you apply to become a community member?

Whether you join our community as a volunteer, or as a trainee, we will set you up for success.
We follow a six step onboarding process, over a period of six weeks,  to ensure you have a great experience of joining your team.

Welcome
: After you apply, we will review the information you shared with us. If your application is successful, we will send you a welcome letter, including your onboarding plan and a link to schedule your introductory meeting, during the first week of your onboarding.

Introduction
: You will meet the co-founders of {{ site.org }} on a 30 minute long virtual meeting to welcome you, understand your interests and motivations for joining our community, select your team, answer your questions, and set you up with your first task.

Meeting your team leader
: During your second week, you will meet your team leader for an hour to talk about our ways of working, and how you can adapt these to meet your personal preferences.

Picking your first trainee exercise or volunteer task
: Your team leader will have shared with you a list of exercises or tasks to choose from after your initial meeting. During your third week of the onboarding, you'll meet your team leader for another hour of mentorship, where you can pick the first task you will commit to completing, and discuss ways to complete this task, including the support you can get.

Feedback and progression
: The final week of the onboarding involves a 30 minutes long virtual meeting with your team leader and one of the co-founders of {{ site.org }}. You will discuss any challenges and successes related to completing your first task, working with your team leader, and your feedback on engaging with the wider community.

Your first junction
: At the end of your onboarding journey, we'll ask you to make a decision in your feedback and progression form. If you decided to continue with your growth journey as a member of our community, we will send you your registered member certificate and discuss your growth plan, including payment options. If you decided to take the exit, we will send you a farewell letter. Either way, this step is the end of your onboarding journey.

## Fancy a challenge to show your commitment?

There is an additional way to express your interest in joining our community.
You can download an application form in Markdown format, and return a completed copy.
We suggest that members interested in joining our digital team take this path.
It is a small, self-contained challenge.

By sending us your completed application form, you show us:

* how committed you are to learning, and taking challenges;
* how well you can create a screen reader accessible and easy read document, for blind or learning disabled people;
* how engaging your first {{ site.brand }} written piece is.

please download the short application form and e-mail it to us as an attachment. Our e-mail address is support@project27skills.com.

<a class="{{ page.buttonStyle }}" href="{{ '/assets/documents/Project27--Application-form-for-volunteers.md' | prepend: site.baseurl}}" download="Project27 - Application form for volunteers">
Download application form
</a>
