src/about/content.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: The content
buttonStyle: fg-general-chap
backgroundStyle: bg-general-chap
---

## What's on {{ site.brand }}?

The site is split into two parts: [Blog](../blog/index.html) and [{{ site.product }}.](../guide/index.html)
Blog posts and {{ site.product }} notes both come in two flavours: technical, and lifestyle.

### The blog

The blog has two branches: [LogBook](../blog/logbook/index.html) and [TWIST.](../blog/twist/index.html)

Firstly, LogBook does what it says.
It keeps a log of issues that we have come up against while developing the content.
This makes LogBook a more technical set of posts.

Secondly, "The Way I See iT (TWIST) provides lifestyle and reflective posts.
A wide range of topics are written from living with vision impairment through self-identities to reading books.

### The {{ site.product }}

The {{ site.product }} is an educational, web journal.
There are five volumes that form part of the journal.

1. Science repository:
 * [Mathematical and Physical Sciences (MPS);](../guide/MPS/index.html)
 * [Computer Literacy;](../guide/CL/index.html)
 * [Statistics;](../guide/statistics/index.html)
2. Lifestyle repository:
 * [Cookbook;](../guide/cookbook/index.html)
 * [Vocal.](../guide/vocal/index.html)

#### Science collection

The Mathematical and Physical Sciences (MPS) volume is a collection of notes on mathematical and physics content organised into clear issues or chapters.
This volume is to develop universally accessible content that relies on the heavy use of mathematical notation and diagrams.

The volume on Computer Literacy offers a collection of handy tips on how to operate a set of tools such as git for version control, bash for interacting through shell commands or R-Markdown (RMD) to produce accessible reports of statistical analysis.
What's common in these notes is that they approach the task from the non-visual access point of view.
This volume also gives an opportunity to produce solutions that makes reading computer code a more refined experience for text-to-speech users for instance auditory syntax highlighting.

The Statistics volume is a set of notes on both theoretical and practical aspects of using statistics to our needs.

#### Lifestyle collection

The Cookbook volume is a collection of recipes.
It secured a place because many people live with the assumption that blind and learning disabiled people can not cook.
Cooking is a passion and is a great way to nurture human relationships.
Preparing a meal can be viewed as art and engineering at the same time.

Finally, the Vocal volume is an album of voices.
This is a volume to honour and listen to those who shaped the mixture of identities any one of us is made up of.
This volume includes short life stories and recorded interviews with friends and family.
The content also gives opportunity to explore solutions around audio editing, methods of journalism and the art of listening.
All of these can be useful skills for blind and learning disabiled people even if they do not wish to be part of the science community.

Commit message:

Revised the conttent page in the about folder.

src/about/content.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: The content
author: Daniel Hajas
revised: Danielle Garratt
date: 2022-08-29
buttonStyle: fg-general-chap
backgroundStyle: bg-general-chap
---

## What's on {{ site.brand }}?

The site is split into two parts: [Blog](../blog/index.html) and [{{ site.product }}.](../guide/index.html)
Blog posts and {{ site.product }} notes both come in two types: technical, and lifestyle.

### The blog

The blog has two branches: [LogBook](../blog/logbook/index.html) and [TWIST.](../blog/twist/index.html)

Firstly, LogBook does what it says.
It keeps a log of issues that we have come up against while developing the content.
This makes LogBook a more technical set of posts.

Secondly, "The Way I See iT (TWIST) provides lifestyle and reflective posts.
A wide range of topics are written from living with disabilities, through self-identities, to reading books.

### The {{ site.product }}

The {{ site.product }} is an educational, web journal.
There are five volumes that form part of the journal.

1. Science collection:
 * [Mathematical and Physical Sciences (MPS);](../guide/MPS/index.html)
 * [Computer Literacy;](../guide/CL/index.html)
 * [Statistics;](../guide/statistics/index.html)
2. Lifestyle collection:
 * [Cookbook;](../guide/cookbook/index.html)
 * [Vocal.](../guide/vocal/index.html)

#### Science collection

The Mathematical and Physical Sciences (MPS) volume is a collection of university notes on maths and physics courses.
We organise content into chapters.

The volume on Computer Literacy offers a collection of handy tips on how to operate a set of tools. For example, we include notes on using Git - for version control. We learn how to use Bash for interacting through shell commands.
These notes approach tasks from screen reader users' point of view.

The Statistics volume is a set of notes on both theoretical and practical aspects of using statistics to our needs.
We introduce R-Markdown (RMD) to produce accessible reports of statistical analysis.

#### Lifestyle collection

The Cookbook volume is a collection of recipes.
It secured a place because many people live with the assumption that blind and learning disabled people cannot cook.
Cooking is a passion and is a great way to nurture human relationships.
Preparing a meal can be viewed as art and engineering at the same time.

Finally, the Vocal volume is an album of voices.
This is a volume to honour and listen to those who shaped the mixture of identities any one of us is made up of.
This volume includes short life stories and recorded interviews with friends and family.
The content also gives opportunity to explore solutions around audio editing, methods of journalism and the art of listening.
All of these can be useful skills for blind and learning disabled people even if they do not wish to be part of the science community.
