---
layout: post
permalink: summer-news-2024.html
author: Daniel Hajas
reviewer: Danielle Garratt
title: Building on stronger foundations - Summer, 2024
tag: news
updated: 2024-07-01
buttonStyle: fg-blog-sect
backgroundStyle: abg-blog-sect
audio: https://dl.dropbox.com/scl/fi/din3mt623zxwir12exgt5/Summer-news-2024.wav?rlkey=tk869hwurouslqec2vioer3yf&dl=1
pitch: Project27 is making strides in disability inclusion with its selection for business incubation at the Sussex Innovation Centre, a collaborative project with Level3 on playable media for disabled artists, and a refined value proposition. These initiatives, backed by the UK Shared Prosperity Fund and Arts  Council England, aim to expand accessibility and skills development in the workplace and creative industries.
image: summer-2024.png
alt: Cartoon illustration of two men and one woman working together in a bright, creative studio. They are seated at a desk with a large computer monitor, discussing and pointing at the screen. The background features posters, action figures, and multiple monitors, creating an energetic atmosphere.
---

### Selected by the Sussex Innovation Centre to Undergo Business Incubation

Project27 has been selected by the [Sussex Innovation Centre](https://www.sussexinnovation.co.uk) to participate in a business incubation programme funded by the [UK Shared Prosperity Fund.](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/uk-shared-prosperity-fund-prospectus/uk-shared-prosperity-fund-prospectus) This prestigious opportunity will involve comprehensive market research, including competitor analysis and sector-based analysis, to identify gaps and opportunities within industries focusing on blindness and learning disabilities. A key component will be the development of a robust business model through workshops designed to clarify and distil our core value propositions. Additionally, Project27 will gain access to a list of potential partners and funding opportunities, furthering our mission to develop skills that matter in the workplace and create solutions that work for disability inclusion.
<!-- excerpt-end -->

### Level3 Partnership and Arts Council England Funding

In collaboration with [Level3 Production,](https://www.level-3.co.uk) Project27 has secured funding from [Arts Council England (ACE)](https://www.artscouncil.org.uk) to launch an innovative project aimed at developing playable media centred on the journeys of disabled individuals. This project will involve close collaboration with three disabled artists—Dr. Daniel Hajas, Prina Patel, and Danielle Garratt—each exploring their unique perspectives and challenges. Through a series of sessions focusing on software like Unity and Blender, and immersive storytelling techniques, the project will document and share the creative processes and outcomes, including the skills, tools, and mindsets required to develop interactive media  content. This initiative aims to broaden access to playful media tools for disabled artists, culminating in prototype artworks and a comprehensive report shared online to foster greater accessibility and inclusivity. And that's not all. Level3 and Project27 have began to form an ongoing partnership, planning the next collaboration opportunity.

### Refining Our Website and Value Proposition

We have recently refined our website for greater clarity and better user experience; and revised our value proposition, integrating insights gained from our community interactions. This minor revision marks our commitment to continually iterate based on deeper understanding of how we can complement existing services and address prevalent challenges. Our aim is to better meet the needs of our audience, focusing on skills development and supporting both professional and personal growth. Moving forward, we will continue to engage with our community to identify areas for improvement and expansion, ensuring our offerings remain relevant and impactful.