docs/about/modest.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: The modest ambition
---

# {{ page.title }}

On the small scale, {{ site.brand }} is a private, digital notebook on a range of topics that matter to the author.
It is a hobby activity, an opportunity to learn skills in web development, accessible content creation, audio editing, revising notes on physics and statistics, capturing and sharing life stories and recipes, expressing opinions and much more. .

### What's the modest {{ site.brand }} vision?

**To be an accessible private pocket resource of apparent challenges and empowering solutions.**

The vision of {{ site.brand }} is based on 

> The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy 

book trilogy, written by Douglas Adams.

In the modest vision, the {{ site.brand }} {{ site.product }} is thought of as a digital notepad, which has solutions to challenges that have already been encountered by the author.


### What's the modest {{ site.brand }} mission?

**To provide a corpus of organised accessible notes on topics of personal interest.**

The {{ site.brand }} motto states that the project is {{ site.motto }}.
While warehouse is an easier term to relate to, a more appropriate description of the project would be that it is a corpus of challenges and solutions.
In dictionary terms, a corpus is

> "a collection of written texts, especially the entire works of a particular author or a body of writing on a particular subject."

In this sense, the mission statement reflects the desire to collect and organise the notes of the author into a single collection of written documents.
Content is edited and organised according to {{ site.brand }} content and review guidelines, with special emphasis on universal accessibility.

Commit message:

Updated vision and mission statements.

docs/about/modest.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: The modest ambition
---

# {{ page.title }}

In the short run, {{ site.brand }} is a digital, private notebook on a range of topics that matter to the author.
It is a hobby activity, an opportunity to learn skills in web development, accessible content creation, audio editing, revising notes on physics and statistics, capturing and sharing life stories and recipes, expressing opinions and much more. .

### What's the modest {{ site.brand }} vision?

**{{ site.brand }} facilitates learning, teaching, research, and innovation activities in the context of supporting the product owner in personal development and participation in society.**

### What's the modest {{ site.brand }} mission?

**To provide a corpus of organised and accessible notes on topics of the product owner's personal interest.**

The {{ site.brand }} motto states that the project is

> {{ site.motto }}.

While warehouse is an easier term to relate to, a more appropriate description of the project would be that it is a

> corpus of challenges and solutions.

In dictionary terms, a corpus is

> "a collection of written texts, especially the entire works of a particular author or a body of writing on a particular subject."

In this sense, the mission statement reflects the desire to collect and organise the notes of the author into a single collection of written documents.
Content is edited and organised according to {{ site.brand }} content and review guidelines, with special emphasis on innovation and best practices in digital accessibility.
