---
layout: post
title: What is git, and why should you care?
volume: digital skills
chapter: git
tag: git
---

The first version of a document you are working on is almost certainly not going to be the final version.
At times, the previous version looked better though.
Git, a distributed version control system helps you keep track of multiple versions of the same document.
It helps to discard unwanted changes, revert to older versions, or merge changes made by two or more people.
<!-- excerpt-end -->

### What is version control, and why should you care?

According to the [Git book,](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-About-Version-Control)

> Version control is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later.

In simple terms, version control is useful because it is forgiving.
We can make mistakes, and we can undo these by stepping back to a previous version of any file.
There are local, and central version control systems.
However, distributed systems, such as Git, have additional benefits.
For example, collaboration is easier and safer, as every contributor has a full clone of the project files and its evolution history.

### What is Git?

In 2005, the Linux developer community wanted to develop a new distributed version control system, which is free, fast, simple to use, and supports development across a large number of branches.
The community gave birth to Git, which retains its initial qualities to this date.
It is simple, intuitive, and powerful.
It enables collaboration through distributing versions of a project locally, and remotely.
The tool enables us to have 10 or more different versions of the {{ site.brand }} site, where we can safely experiment with new features, and share only those versions with the world, that we are happy with.

### Easier than it sounds

We could go on for a long time, introducing the many great features of Git.
However, using the tool becomes a lot easier than what it sounds when you start using it.
The [Git book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-The-Command-Line) has all the information to get started with installation, and understanding the underlying concepts.
We will move on to a note on the three most used commands, to remind ourselves how to add, commit, and push changes.