---
permalink: CL/introduction-to-github.html
layout: post
title: An introduction to GitHub
volume: digital skills
chapter: git
tag: git
---

The first moment of confusion usually happens when people start to speak about Git, and GitHub.
So let's separate these two concepts right at the start.
<!-- excerpt-end -->

### What is GitHub, and how does it differ from Git?

Don't let the name confuse you.
Git is a software running on your computer, and it works even when you are offline, except when it needs to communicate with a remote server.
Its primary purpose is version control.
If you are working on your own, and you don't want to store a backup of your project at a remote location on the internet, you can rely on Git only.

GitHub is an online service for Git users.
Its primary purpose is to store projects, and enable online collaboration.
Of course, it has many other useful services too, such as issue tracking, or discussion forums.

### Repositories and hosting services

In version control, we often speak of "repositories".
Simply put, this is your project folder with files in it.
A repository can sit locally on your computer, but it has risks.
If your storage drive fails, your project will be lost.
Hence, it is not a bad idea to send a copy to some place on the internet.

For this reason, GitHub allows users to create remote repositories on the GitHub servers.
If I have a GitHub account, and I created a remote project repository, I am now able to push files from my local directory to the remote location.
GitHub will give me an address to the remote repository.

If you are a single player, this is a great way to backup your work.
However, the true power of this approach is that collaboration becomes effortless.
For example, when I push changes to a remote repository, Danielle can pull my changes.
Then, she can add her edits, and push them back to the remote location.
Then it's my turn to update my local copy.
Essentially, we are playing the coders tennis.
Well, more of a tennis war, as we can bounce thousands of balls back and forth at any given time.

### Why use GitHub?

You don't need to use GitHub as the service associated with Git.
There are many other, similar services, such as GitLab, or BitBucket.
However, GitHub is very accessible, powerful yet simple to use, and completely free.
The service keeps your project safe, enabling collaboration.

There is so much more to it though.
For example, GitHub Pages allows us to deploy the {{ site.brand }} site directly from our remote repository on the GitHub servers.
Keep reading notes in this chapter to find out all the things we are able to do using Git and GitHub.